Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-employee-class
<br>
Project 1The first programming project involves writing a program that computes the salaries for a collection ofemployees of different types. This program consists of four classes.1. The first class is the Employee class, which contains the employee’s name and monthly salary, whichis specified in whole dollars. It should have three methods:a. A constructor that allows the name and monthly salary to be initialized.b. A method named annualSalary that returns the salary for a whole year.c. A toString method that returns a string containing the name and monthly salary, appropriatelylabeled.2. The Employee class has two subclasses. The first is Salesman. It has an additional instance variablethat contains the annual sales in whole dollars for that salesman. It should have the same threemethods:a. A constructor that allows the name, monthly salary and annual sales to be initialized.b. An overridden method annualSalary that returns the salary for a whole year. The salary for asalesman consists of the base salary computed from the monthly salary plus a commission.The commission is computed as 2% of that salesman’s annual sales. The maximumcommission a salesman can earn is $20,000.c. An overridden toString method that returns a string containing the name, monthly salary andannual sales, appropriately labeled.3. The second subclass is Executive. It has an additional instance variable that reflects the current stockprice. It should have the same three methods:a. A constructor that allows the name, monthly salary and stock price to be initialized.b. An overridden method annualSalary that returns the salary for a whole year. The salary for anexecutive consists of the base salary computed from the monthly salary plus a bonus. Thebonus is $30,000 if the current stock price is greater than $50 and nothing otherwise.c. An overridden toString method that returns a string containing the name, monthly salary andstock price, appropriately labeled.4. Finally there should be a fourth class that contains the main method. It should read in employeeinformation from a text file. Each line of the text file will represent the information for one employeefor one year. An example of how the text file will look is shown below:2014 Employee Smith,John 20002015 Salesman Jones,Bill 3000 1000002014 Executive Bush,George 5000 55The year is the first data element on the line. The file will contain employee information for only twoyears: 2014 and 2015. Next is the type of the employee followed by the employee name and the monthlysalary. For salesmen, the final value is their annual sales and for executives the stock price. As theemployees are read in, Employee objects of the appropriate type should be created and they should bestored in one of two arrays depending upon the year. You may assume that the file will contain no morethan ten employee records for each year and that the data in the file will be formatted correctly.Once all the employee data is read in, a report should be displayed on the console for each of the twoyears. Each line of the report should contain all original data supplied for each employee together with2that employee’s annual salary for the year. For each of the two years, an average of all salaries for allemployees for that year should be computed and displayed.The google recommended Java style guide, provided as link in the week 2 content, should be used toformat and document your code. Specifically, the following style guide attributes should be addressed:? Header comments include filename, author, date and brief purpose of the program.? In-line comments used to describe major functionality of the code.? Meaningful variable names and prompts applied.? Class names are written in UpperCamelCase.? Variable names are written in lowerCamelCase.? Constant names are in written in All Capitals.? Braces use K&amp;R style.In addition the following design constraints should be followed:? Declare all instance variables private? Avoid the duplication of codeTest cases should be supplied in the form of table with columns indicating the input values, expectedoutput, actual output and if the test case passed or failed. This table should contain 4 columns withappropriate labels and a row for each test case. Note that the actual output should be the actual resultsyou receive when running your program and applying the input for the test record. Be sure to selectenough different kinds of employees to completely test the program.Submission requirementsDeliverables include all Java files (.java) and a single word (or PDF) document. The Java files should benamed appropriately for your applications. The word (or PDF) document should include screen capturesshowing the successful compiling and running of each of the test cases. Each screen capture should beproperly labeled clearly indicated what the screen capture represents. The test cases table should beincluded in your word or PDF document and properly labeled as well.Submit your files to the Project 1 assignment area no later than the due date listed in your LEO classroom.You should include your name and P1 in your word (or PDF) file submitted (e.g.firstnamelastnameP1.docx or firstnamelastnameP1.pdf)Grading Rubric:The following grading rubric will be used to determine your grade:Attribute Meets Does not meetEmployee Class 25 points 0 pointsDoes not contain theemployee’s name and monthly3Contains the employee’s nameand monthly salary, which isspecified in whole dollars.Contains a constructor thatallows the name and monthlysalary to be initialized.Contains a method namedannualSalary that returns thesalary for a whole year.Contains a toString method thatreturns a string containing thename and monthly salary,appropriately labeled.salary, which is specified inwhole dollars.Does not contain a constructorthat allows the name andmonthly salary to be initialized.Does not contain a methodnamed annualSalary thatreturns the salary for a wholeyear.Does not contain a toStringmethod that returns a stringcontaining the name andmonthly salary, appropriatelylabeled.Salesman class 15 pointsIs a subclass of Employee.Contains an additional instancevariable that contains theannual sales in whole dollars forthat salesman.Contains a constructor thatallows the name, monthly salaryand annual sales to beinitialized.Contains an overridden methodannualSalary that returns thesalary for a whole year. Thesalary for a salesman consists ofthe base salary computed fromthe monthly salary plus acommission. The commission iscomputed as 2% of thatsalesman’s annual sales. Themaximum commission asalesman can earn is $20,000.Contains an overridden toStringmethod that returns a stringcontaining the name, monthly0 pointsIs not a subclass of Employee.Does not contain an additionalinstance variable that containsthe annual sales in wholedollars for that salesman.Does not contain a constructorthat allows the name, monthlysalary and annual sales to beinitialized.Does not contain an overriddenmethod annualSalary thatreturns the salary for a wholeyear. The salary for a salesmanconsists of the base salarycomputed from the monthlysalary plus a commission. Thecommission is computed as 2%of that salesman’s annual sales.The maximum commission asalesman can earn is $20,000.Does not contain an overriddentoString method that returns astring containing the name,4salary and annual sales,appropriately labeled.monthly salary and annualsales, appropriately labeled.Executive Class 15 pointsIs a subclass or Employee.Contains an additional instancevariable that reflects thecurrent stock price.Contains a constructor thatallows the name, monthly salaryand stock price to be initialized.Contains an overridden methodannualSalary that returns thesalary for a whole year. Thesalary for an executive consistsof the base salary computedfrom the monthly salary plus abonus. The bonus is $30,000 ifthe current stock price isgreater than $50 and nothingotherwise.Contains an overridden toStringmethod that returns a stringcontaining the name, monthlysalary and stock price,appropriately labeled.0 pointsIs not a subclass or Employee.Does not contain an additionalinstance variable that reflectsthe current stock price.Does not contain a constructorthat allows the name, monthlysalary and stock price to beinitialized.Does not contain an overriddenmethod annualSalary thatreturns the salary for a wholeyear. The salary for an executiveconsists of the base salarycomputed from the monthlysalary plus a bonus. The bonusis $30,000 if the current stockprice is greater than $50 andnothing otherwise.Does not contain an overriddentoString method that returns astring containing the name,monthly salary and stock price,appropriately labeled.Main Method Class 25 pointsContains the main method.Reads in employee informationfrom a text file.As the employees are read in,Employee objects of theappropriate type are createdand stored in one of two arraysdepending upon the year.Once all the employee data isread in, a report displays on the0 pointsDoes not contain the mainmethod.Does not reads in employeeinformation from a text file.As the employees are read in,Employee objects of theappropriate type are notcreated and stored in one oftwo arrays depending upon theyear.5console for each of the twoyears.Each line of the report containsall original data supplied foreach employee together withthat employee’s annual salaryfor the year.For each of the two years, anaverage of all salaries for allemployees for that year iscomputed and displayed.Once all the employee data isread in, a report is not displayedon the console for each of thetwo years.Each line of the report does notcontain all original datasupplied for each employeetogether with that employee’sannual salary for the year.For each of the two years, anaverage of all salaries for allemployees for that year is notcomputed and displayed.Test Cases 10 pointsTest cases are supplied in theform of table with columnsindicating the input values,expected output, actual outputand if the test case passed orfailed.Enough employees selected tocompletely test the program.Test cases were included in thesupporting word or PDFdocumentation.0 pointsNo test cases were provided.Documentation and Style guide 10 pointsScreen captures were providedand labeled for compiling yourcode, and running each of yourtest cases.Header comments includefilename, author, date and briefpurpose of the program.In-line comments used todescribe major functionality ofthe code.0 pointsNo documentation included.Java style guide was not used toprepare the Java code.All instance variables notdeclared private.Duplication of code was notavoided.6Meaningful variable names andprompts applied.Class names are written inUpperCamelCase.Variable names are written inlowerCamelCase.Constant names are in writtenin All Capitals.Braces use K&amp;R style.Declare all instance variablesprivate.Avoids the duplication of code.